[wrangler] Sanitize sensitive commands in telemetry to prevent capturing secrets (#11856)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/sensitive-command-sanitization.md

---
"wrangler": minor
---

Sanitize commands in telemetry to prevent accidentally capturing sensitive information

This change improves telemetry security by:

> This prevents accidentally capturing sensitive information that users may have mistakenly pasted as command arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sanitize commands in telemetry to prevent accidentally capturing sensitive information that users may have mistakenly pasted as command arguments.
```

3. **Truncating command strings**: When `sensitiveArgs` is true, the command string is truncated to just the command prefix (e.g., `wrangler secret put` instead of `wrangler secret put MY_KEY accidentally_pasted_secret`).

4. **Auditing all commands**: Each command has been reviewed and explicitly marked as safe or sensitive based on whether its arguments could contain secrets.

Commands marked as **sensitive** (args stripped):

- All secret commands: `wrangler secret put/bulk`, `wrangler pages secret put/bulk`, `wrangler versions secret put/bulk`
- `wrangler login`
- `wrangler kv key put`, `wrangler kv bulk put`
- `wrangler hyperdrive create/update` (contains connection strings/passwords)
- `wrangler r2 bucket sippy enable` (contains AWS/GCS credentials)
- `wrangler d1 execute` (SQL could contain secrets)
- `wrangler secrets-store secret create/update`
- `wrangler workflows trigger`, `wrangler workflows instances send-event`
- Commands with file paths that could reveal sensitive structure

> - Any command not explicitly marked as safe

Reviewer 2: pretty sure it hasn't because -c (config file path) is a global flag
